Update fullstack auth example link (#499)
DioxusLabs/docsite: docs-src/0.6/src/guides/fullstack/authentication.md

You can create a custom extractors that extracts the auth session from the request. From that auth session, you can check if the user has the required privileges before returning the private data.

> A [full auth example](https://github.com/DioxusLabs/dioxus/tree/main/examples/fullstack-auth) with the complete implementation is available in the fullstack examples.

Author: ```suggestion
A [full auth example](https://github.com/DioxusLabs/dioxus/blob/v0.5/examples/fullstack-auth) with the complete implementation is available in the fullstack examples.
```

> A [full auth example](https://github.com/DioxusLabs/dioxus/blob/v0.5/examples/fullstack-auth) with the complete implementation is available in the fullstack examples.

Author: ```suggestion
A [full auth example](https://github.com/DioxusLabs/dioxus/blob/v0.6/examples/fullstack-auth) with the complete implementation is available in the fullstack examples.
```
